---
layout: doc
---

# 📦 Workflow Web App (2022.08 ~ 2024.10)

## Issue 🔥

As the number of sub-products increases, so does the complexity of settings, authentication, and other aspects. We need a tool that helps users run their tasks automatically and guides them to achieve their goals without human support.

## Goal 💡

Build a workflow web app to help users run their tasks effortlessly:

- Use reusable steps to create a workflow based on user needs.
- Provide a clear breakdown of each step and its execution results when running a workflow.
- AI automatically fixes errors and prompts the user to review the results.

## My roles 👷

Team: A total of 4 members, consisting of 1 backend developer, 1 frontend developer, 1 product/UI designer, and 1 product owner.

I primarily focused on product design and frontend development, while also contributing to backend development due to its complexity.

I was responsible for:

- Collaborating with team members to clarify the product vision/values, main user journey, and key user stories.
- Leading the Domain-Driven Design (DDD) practice from strategy to system design.
- Designing the front-end architecture to ensure it’s clean and easy for new developers to get started.
- Implementing MVP features in the frontend.
- Achieving 100% unit test coverage for the frontend.
- Designing the GraphQL schema and implementing backend APIs based on the understanding of the backend system design (GraphQL Federation, Event-Driven Architecture, CQRS, etc.).
- Conducting code reviews and refactoring.

## What achieved 🎉

From a product perspective, we achieved:

- Developing a product from 0 to 1
- Establishing an AI-first product development practice: AI handles tasks, while humans conduct reviews

From a development process perspective, we achieved:

- Introducing the team to a new development approach: prioritizing data model first instead of UI first.
- Enabling the front-end to define GraphQL API design based on business logic, while the back-end focuses on data modeling.

From a system perspective, we achieved:

- A highly cohesive and loosely coupled system design, incorporating Clean Architecture, CQRS, and Event-Driven Architecture.

## If these could be improved ⚡️

Since there are higher-priority products than the workflow app,, the development was stopped at the MVP stage. I realized that the current environment doesn't allow time for system architecture improvements which need a lot of time. Compared to these invisible investments in architectural design, delivering a rough but functional internal product takes priority. If I have another opportunity, I will align better with these business priorities.
